Add support for additional configuration parameters resources (#3345)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/running-tests.adoc

    `systemProperty` or `systemProperties` DSL.

>   * <<running-tests-build-maven-config-params,Maven Surefire provider>>: use the

Reviewer: The new `--config-resource` option should also be included in this bullet point listing, below the `--config` discussion or incorporated into that discussion about the Console Launcher.

Author: Added 👍

    `configurationParameters` property.

> 2. The `configurationParametersResource()` and `configurationParametersResources()`
>   methods in the `LauncherDiscoveryRequestBuilder` which are used to select a `.properties`
>   file on the classpath with configuration parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The `configurationParametersResources()` method in the `LauncherDiscoveryRequestBuilder`
  which is used to specify one or more Java `Properties` files in the class path that
  provide configuration parameters.
```

The `configurationParametersResource()` method no longer exists -- right?

Author: Correct, fixed

3. JVM system properties.
4. The JUnit Platform configuration file: a file named `junit-platform.properties` in the
  root of the class path that follows the syntax rules for a Java `Properties` file.

NOTE: Configuration parameters are looked up in the exact order defined above.
Consequently, configuration parameters supplied directly to the `Launcher` take

> precedence over those supplied via system properties, the specified properties files, and the platform configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
precedence over those supplied via system properties, custom properties files, and the platform configuration file.
```

Also, please wrap lines in Asciidoc files at 90 characters.
